## NEED STATEMENT
There is a growing need for an efficient and reliable office assistant bot that can perform a variety of tasks to streamline office processes and improve productivity. Because of increasing demand, the owner wishes to go for automating packaging and labelling.
### 3.1 QUESTION AND ANSWER
                                                    Table 1: Questions and answers 

SL NO. | Questions | Answers | Objective | Function | Constraint
-- | -- | -- | -- | -- | --
1 | How much space is required? | Dimensions : 2ft* 2ft*2ft |   |   | Yes
2 | How much machine can cost? | Try to make it within Rs 4000 |   |   | Yes
3 | What is the type function of machine? | Labelling the boxes |   | Yes |  
4 | What is the function of Machine? | Packing of the box |   | Yes |  
5 | Is it portable? | No it should be fixed | Yes |   |  
6 | Should sensors be used in making the robot? | Yes, product sensors will be helpful |   | Yes |  
7 | What kind of objects should be packed ? | Sketch Pen |   |   | Yes
8 | What should be the packing speed? | Four boxes packed in 10 minutes |   |   | Yes
9 | What should be labelled on the box ? | Logo and Name | Yes |   |  
10 | What should be the capacity of machine to hold the labels ? | The machine was to Store nearly 20 labels .|   |   | Yes
11 | How do you run the machine? | Using adapter | Yes |   |  
13 | Is it easy in usage? | Yes, the machine must be user friendly | Yes |   |  
14 | How is the indication should be received? | Passes the box outside |   | Yes |  
15 | Is the machine automatic? | No, the machine is semi automatic. | Yes |   |  
16 | Does it work according to the demands of user? | It accepts user input |   | Yes |  
17 | what kind of actuator is used? | stepper motor is used as an actuator. | Yes |   |  
18 | What should be the durability? | It should be able to work continuously for 3 hours. |   |   | Yes

### 3.2 BASIC SURVEY AND REQUIREMENTS
 
          Table 2: Observation from a literature survey

Sl. No | Observation from Surveys | Requirements  |
------|--------------------------|---------------| 
1 | Weight of Machine | It should be easy to carry and transportable|
2 | No of operations | The model should work fine for at least 8 to 10 attempts|
3 | Cost | Machine should be built with minimum budget|
4 | No of Box are packed and labelled | The machine should be Four boxes packed in 10 minutes|
5 | Materials to be used | Materials used to build, must be high quality and light weight|

### 3.3 IDENTIFYING CLIENT'S OBJECTIVES
Step 1: Prepare a list of design objectives

            Table 3: Objectives identified.
|Sl. No | Objectives|
|------|-----------|
01 | Machine should be Semi-automatic.|
02 | Machine should be portable.|
03 | Machine should be User-friendly.|

### PROBLEM DEFINITION VERSION 1.1
Packing and Labelling machine should be semi automated and requires some level of manual assistance . It should be able to work accurately .The design of the machine should be user-friendly . It should be handy and  convenient to use.
### 3.4 IDENTIFY CONSTRAINTS
      Table 4: Identified Constraints
|Sl.No | Constraints |
|------|-------------|
01 | Dimensions 2 cubic ft|
02 | Cost of the machine should be within Rs-4000|
03|The machine should work for 3 HRS continuously.|
04|Machine should Pack and Label at least two one per 2 minute.|
05|Machine should Pack Sweets , Pen ,Stationary ,Gift items.|
06|It is able to store nearly 20 labels|
07|Machine should be less 2kg.|

### PROBLEM DEFINITION VERSION 1.2  
Packing and Labelling machine should be semi automated and requires some level of manual assistance . It should be able to work accurately .The design of the machine should be user-friendly . It should be handy and  convenient to use. Box should  be cuboidal in  shape and should be able to pack the pens and labelled on the boxes in less than 4-5 mins, budget to build should not exceed 3000 rupees. The dimensions of the box is 2ft* 2ft*2ft and power supply of the machine is from 5 to 12 v adapter.
### 3.5 ESTABLISH FUNCTIONS
Step 1: Prepare a list of design functions

          Table 5: Identified Functions
|Sl.No | Functions|
|------|----------|
|01|Labelling the boxes|
02|Packing of the box |
03|Passes the box outside|
04|It should  work according to the demands of the user|
05|Hold Box|
### PROBLEM DEFINITION VERSION 1.3
Design is a Packing and Labelling machine should be semi automated and requires some level of manual assistance . It should be able to work accurately .The design of the machine should be user-friendly. It should be handy and  convenient to use. Box should  be cuboidal in  shape and should be able to pack the pens and labelled on the boxes in less than 4-5 mins, budget to build should not exceed 3000 rupees. The dimensions of the box is 2ft* 2ft*2ft and power supply of the machine is from adapter. The machine which is able to case a pens and label on the box with name and logo. Machine should be able to indicate the user after labelling the box. The labels are self adhesive labels . It accepts user input.